https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13654 (#6842)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observe_environments.adoc

[#observing-environments]

> = Observability configuration

Reviewer: In a couple, we need filenames, anchors, titles to be similar, concise, but similar

Author: Ok, that was avoided in the earlier restructure because I needed to update all of the link instances.

> The `multiclusterhub-operator` enables the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod by default. You must configure the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod.
> 
> When the observability service is enabled, the hub cluster is always configured to collect and send metrics to the configured Thanos instance, regardless of whether hub self-management is enabled or not. When the hub cluster is self-managed, the `disableHubSelfManagement` parameter is set to `false`, which is the default setting. Metrics and alerts for the hub cluster appear in the `local-cluster` namespace. The `local-cluster` only appears in the cluster list drop-down menu if hub self-management is enabled. You can query the `local-cluster` metrics in the Grafana explorer. View the following topics to learn more:

Author: ```suggestion
When the observability service is enabled, the hub cluster is always configured to collect and send metrics to the configured Thanos instance, regardless of whether hub self-management is enabled or not. When the hub cluster is self-managed, the `disableHubSelfManagement` parameter is set to `false`, which is the default setting. The `multiclusterhub-operator` enables the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod by default. You must configure the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod.

Metrics and alerts for the hub cluster appear in the `local-cluster` namespace. The `local-cluster` is only available if hub self-management is enabled. You can query the `local-cluster` metrics in the Grafana explorer. View the following topics to learn more:
```

[#observing-environments]
= Observability configuration

//This is used a concept doc

> //should info from the archcitecture be added here? 

Reviewer 2: So I would add some link to architecture section here, mostly so reader can go back and forth between them and understand what config affects what components. Will raise tickets around this!

Author: Instead of having the user go back and forth, we should see what arch info is needed. We can absolutely link it in the additional resources section though

////
The `multiclusterhub-operator` enables the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod by default. You must configure the `multicluster-observability-operator` pod.

> When the Observability service is enabled, the hub cluster is always configured to collect and send metrics to the configured Thanos instance, regardless of whether hub self-management is enabled or not. When the hub cluster is self-managed, the `disableHubSelfManagement` parameter is set to `false`, which is the default setting. Metrics and alerts for the hub cluster appear in the `local-cluster` namespace. The `local-cluster` only appears in the cluster list drop-down menu if hub self-management is enabled. You can query the `local-cluster` metrics in the Grafana explorer.

Reviewer 2: Again kind of confused about this section.
